---
title: "Wyvern: A high-fidelity solver for coupled fluid-radiation-particle problems"
collection: Conference talk
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2021-10-12-talk-2
venue: "Online"
date: 2021-10-12
authors: "Liang Yang and Andrew Buchan"
location: "Osaka, Japan"
---

Coupled fluid-radiation-particle phenomena is pertinent to many fields in science and engineering, ranging from atmospheric and climate science, to nuclear reactor cores, fluidized bed, aerosol virus transmissions, and applications of ultraviolet light inactivation. Modelling typical coupled problems requires the high-fidelity solutions to the Boltzmann Transport (radiation) and Navier-Stokes equation, and particle dynamics, all of which require significant computational resources. This is unique, multi-disciplinary, fluid-radiation-particle modelling code has been used to predict far-UVC aerosolized virus inactivation [1,2]. The different distribution of Lagrangian particle are driven by the air drag, gravity, buoyancy and evaporation dynamics. The Eulerian radiation and fluid discretization are based on the finite element method (FEM). It uses stabilized continuous FEM to solve the Navier-Stokes equations and discontinuous FEM, with discrete ordinates in angle for solving Boltzmann Transport equation.

References

[1] Buchan, A.G., Yang, L. and Atkinson, K.D., 2020. Predicting airborne coronavirus inactivation by far-UVC in populated rooms using a high-fidelity coupled radiation-CFD model. Scientific reports, 10(1), pp.1-7.

[2] Buchan, A.G., Yang, L., Welch, D., Brenner, D.J. and Atkinson, K.D., 2021. Improved estimates of 222 nm far-UVC susceptibility for aerosolized human coronavirus via a validated high-fidelity coupled radiation-CFD code. Scientific Reports, 11(1), pp.1-9.

[More information here](https://apt2021.org)
